Update test docs for OTel Demo (#3173)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/demo/tests.md

---
title: Tests
cSpell:ignore: Tracetest
---

Currently, the repository includes E2E tests for both the frontend and backend
services. For the Frontend we are using [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/)
execute the different flows in the web store. While the backend services use
[AVA](https://avajs.dev) as the main testing framework for integration tests and
[Tracetest](https://tracetest.io/) for trace-based tests.

> To run all the tests you can simply run `make run-tests` at the root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run all the tests, execute `make run-tests` from the root directory.
```

Otherwise, if you want to run a specific suite of tests you can execute specific

> commands for each type of test:
> 
> - **Frontend tests**: `docker compose run frontendTests`[^1]
> - **Backend tests (integration)**: `docker compose run integrationTests`[^1]
> - **Backend tests (trace-based tests)**:
>   `docker compose run traceBasedTests`[^1]

Reviewer: How about putting the footnote at the end of the opening sentence instead? 

```suggestion
commands for each type of test[^1]:

- **Frontend tests**: `docker compose run frontendTests`
- **Backend tests**:
  - Integration: `docker compose run integrationTests`
  - Trace-based: `docker compose run traceBasedTests`
```

> To know more details about these tests you can see them on the official
> repository,
> [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/tree/main/test).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more these tests, see 
[Service Testing](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-demo/tree/main/test).
```
